Well fuck. I can't believe Bill Belichick traded Jamie Collins for a third round pick. What was he thinking? It doesn't make any sense. Even if the Patriots were going to let him walk in free agency, they would have gotten a compensatory third round pick the next year. From what it looks like online, he was a good teammate and wasn't a problem that way, so I really don't see how they could justify it. If the Patriots don't win the Super Bowl this year, it's all on Bill. I just can't see why he'd do that.



Fuck, I really need to cut back on caffeine. I have to drink too much in the morning just to wake up. It's not even about the feeling of the caffeine itself, I just can't handle drinking this much coffee and Monster. Monster tastes terrible and I think it's destroying my teeth. Coffee is fine in small amounts but drinking this much makes me nauseous. I'm not even hungry anymore. I'm just nauseous all the time.



Fuck, when is the election anyway? Is it too late to register to vote? I'm not too sure about Hillary but Trump is so terrible it's not really a decision. 



Alright, what to I have to do? I have class today in an hour, piece of cake. Then I should start work on my problem set for algorithms class. Alright, that's not to bad. I think as long as I stay on top of my work, this week should be doable. 



How much sleep am I going to get tonight? I guess if I go to bed at 4, I can still wake up at 11 and get 7 hours of sleep. 7 hours is enough hours of sleep, right? I think so. Fuck it, I guess that's what's happening.



When was the last time I exercised? Wow, I should probably go to the gym at some point. Yeah, really. It definitely makes me less anxious and it will only make me feel better. It's just so hard to find time, isn't it?



How many more of these problem sets do I have left? Fuck, I still have 5 more before the semester is over? That seems like so many. Oh well, I'll get through it somehow. These things have a way of happening.



How come you never see baby squirrels? Like, you know they have to exist because squirrels are fucking everywhere on this campus. But there do those fuckers live? Do they just start at full squirrel size? That would be ridiculous. But like, then again, where the fuck are they then? 



Who am I starting this week in fantasy? Is anyone on bye? Okay good, just the Rams defense. What a useless, shitty defense anyway; I'll just drop them for the Bills. Alright, what about running back? Spencer Ware has been good the past two weeks, but Lavarius Murray is coming back from injury and he crushed it during the start decision. Hmm... that's a tough decision.



Where should I get dinner? The Ratty is still open, but the menu is shit today. Joe's just opened so the line is going to be pretty fucking unreasonable. Andrews is open but it's too far away. Why would I go all the way to Andrew's? The food isn't anything special. I guess I could eat at the Blue Room. The Blue Room is open, right? Why don't I ever go to the Blue Room. Oh, right. Faunce is always so crowded.



I really ought to get to sleep earlier. I am so tired right now. 



What's going on around campus tonight? Meh, I guess I'll just do homework. It's not like I ever get invited to parties anyway. I really need to find some new friends.



I can't believe the weekend is already over. I guess I've caught up on my sleep, which is good. But I never seem to accomplish what I want to accomplish. It never seems to quite happen the way it should. 



Alright I need to find some new music. I hate Pitchfork, but at least they're reasonably decent at aggregating music news. What am I kidding I'm such a pretentious fuck. I love the hipster bullshit. Hmm... Young Thung released a new tape last week, that's probably some good shit. Hmm... maybe I should finally listen to the Joey Purp album I've been hearing about. Ah fuck it, I'll just Kanye this shit and put on Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy like I always do.  