Did I say that the wrong way? Did trying so hard not to offend that person actually make it more offensive?



What time do I have to leave work to get to where I’m going? What is traffic going to look like? Will parking be hard?



Why are they taking so long to respond to my text message? Are they mad at me? I must have annoyed them.



I had a typo in the last email and I hit reply all — now everyone thinks I’m incompetent.



Are they laughing at me? I hope I don’t mess this up. I hope I don’t say the wrong thing. Was that supposed to be funny? Was I not supposed to laugh? Can I leave yet?



Why am I anxious? I have no reason to be anxious. I'm happy and have a good life. Why can't I let the anxiety go? I know it’s stressing me out, can everyone tell? Am I making other people anxious?



Will I ever be my old self again?



What if I can't do it?



I'm going to die of a heart attack!



I'm going to go crazy if I can’t stop feeling so anxious.



Things are not going to work out.



I'm such an idiot.



God I am so fucking stupid.



I have an exam tomorrow and I am not at all prepared. I'm gonna fail. I should drop this class. I should drop all of my classes. Why am I even in school? I don't belong here. I don't deserve to be here. I'm an embarassment to my family. They are sacrificing so much for me to be here and I here I am squandering the opportunity. I should just drop out and go back home.



Fuck.



Shit.



Fuck Fuck Fuck Fuck Fuck.



What did that last interaction mean? Why was she looking at me like that? Was I weirding her out? Fuck. I must have come off as some sort of creepy loser. Why can't I talk to people like normal people can? Why is this so fucking hard for me? Why can't I just be a normal fucking human being for once?



Wait I had an assignment due this morning. Fuck I completely forgot. Can I even email the professor at this point? Fuck I know he doesn't like me, why even bother. I can't believe I fucked up again.



I don't have it in me to keep doing this. I'm so tired of feeling this way. How can I stop feeling this way?



I feel like everyone is looking at me. Can they see that I'm anxious? Am I making some sort of weird face? Do I look weird? Is what I'm wearing okay? Why is everyone staring at me. I hate how I stand out. I'm so ugly and creepy looking. I feel like everyone is repulsed being around me. I wish I wasn't so fat and out of shape.



Is he still my friend, or is he secretly sick of me. I bet he's sick of me. Why would anyone want to be around me? He doesn't like spending time with me. He just puts up with me because he feels bad. Why doesn't anybody like me? I wish I had a group of friends who liked me for who I am.



Shit. Was that an okay thing to say? Did they think that was funny or did I offend someone. Shit they thought it was offensive didn't they. I didn't mean it that way, they could tell, right? God I hope they aren't judging me right now. Why did I say that. I'm such an idiot.



I need to pick up my prescription refill before the pharmacy closes today. Shit, Brown doesn't take my insurance, does it? I should have it sent to CVS. Shit. I need to call my parents and ask them for money then, don't I? Fuck. I hate talking with them about that shit.



Fuck that was so awkward. Why am I so terrible at making conversation? Holy shit I just bombed that interaction about as bad as I could have. I'm such a worthless piece of shit. Why did I say that? Fuck. I could tell she just wanted to leave. Well, there it goes. Blew it again, as always.



Shit I never responded to that email. How long has it been? Two days. Shit. I guess I need to respond now if I can. But how do I phrase it? I don't want to come off as too needy. At the same time I do need to send it at some point. Well, fuck what do I write then. It only needs to be two lines, right? Okay. Fuck, I can't do this. I can't, I can't, I can't. I just can't. Ugh. Why can't I just write something and send it? Why do I always need to do this insane deliberation? I wish I was someone else, some who could just write a damn email. 


