Chick-fil-A customers expect great-tasting and high quality food when they visit our restaurants. That’s why our products are made with fresh, simple ingredients right in our own kitchen. Our chicken is 100% breast meat, with no fillers or additives. It is hand-breaded in our kitchens, and doesn’t arrive as a preformed patty or nugget. Our salads are freshly prepared and hand chopped, our lemonade is freshly squeezed, our tea is brewed fresh and our biscuits are hand rolled and hand cut.

Because food allergies or intolerances can be very serious or even life threatening, we believe that providing ingredient information to our customers is important. Customers and their physicians can then make an informed decision concerning any particular allergy or intolerance.

Since food allergies are specific to individuals, please review the ingredient listing to see if the Chick-fil-A product in which you are interested contains any ingredient you should avoid. If you have concerns after reviewing the ingredient listing, you should consult with your physician for guidance.

Chick-fil-A has exclusively used refined (heat processed) peanut oil to cook Chick-fil-A chicken menu items since Truett Cathy created the Chick-fil-A Chicken Sandwich in the 1960s. He found it to be the purest oil to use, which was better tasting to our customers, and more healthy - as peanut oil has no trans fat, no cholesterol, is low in saturated fat, and has a good balance of healthy unsaturated fats (mono and polyunsaturated fats). In 1999, we began labeling foil bags and Chick-fil-A Nuggets boxes to inform customers of our use of peanut oil. We also communicate our peanut oil message through our Website, nutrition brochures and menu boards, which include a message about the use of peanut oil at the bottom of some of the panels. Our peanut oil is a heat processed fully refined peanut oil (refined, bleached, and deodorized). This means the proteins in the oil are stripped out during the processing. According to the Institute of Agriculture and Natural Resources at the University of Nebraska Food Allergy Research & Resource Program, highly refined oils “do not demonstrate a hazard to allergic individuals.” There have been many well-designed studies to test the effect of highly refined oils on allergic individuals, and the majority of these “support the position that refined oils are safe for the food allergic-allergic population to consume.” Also, according to the International Food Information Council Foundation, highly refined (heat solvent extracted) oil are “non allergenic.”

Most commercial oils such as peanut oil are highly refined (hot solvent extracted), which removes protein from the product. These types of oils are most commonly used in commercial food preparation. Since it is protein in allergenic foods that cause food allergy, highly refined oils are non-allergenic, research has shown that individuals with a severe peanut allergy have not had reactions to heat processed oils. However, people with a food allergy should avoid "gourmet" or cold pressed oils because they may contain allergenic proteins, which provide the flavor to the oil. For the same reason, oils that have been used to fry potentially allergenic foods should be avoided by allergic individuals.

We are providing the above information solely for your reference. If you or your family member has a peanut allergy, we recommend that, prior to making a decision as to whether or not to eat any Chick-fil-A menu item, you consult with your physician.

Our Restaurants try very hard to accommodate customers with special requests. We offer several items that can be modified to fit into a vegetarian and vegan diet. However, because special requests are not already prepared, please call your local Chick-fi-A Restaurant ahead of time to order your local meal or be prepared to wait a few minutes for your item to be specially made.

The following list contains the items we consider to be vegetarian or vegan. We assume vegan to mean those persons who do not eat any foods of animal origin, including ingredients from animal origin. We recommend that you check the ingredients of each item yourself either in the Menu section of the Website or in our Nutrition Guide (available at Chick-fil-A restaurants) to be sure each item fits your needs.

Chick-fil-A is proud to offer a balanced menu that features great-tasting choices. Our products are made with fresh, simple ingredients right in our own kitchen. Our chicken is 100% breast meat, with no fillers or additives. It is hand-breaded in our kitchens, and doesn’t arrive as a preformed patty or nugget. Our salads are freshly prepared and hand chopped, our lemonade is freshly squeezed, our tea is brewed fresh and our biscuits are hand rolled and hand cut.

Children and families are very important to us. For that reason, we offer a menu of choice, which includes a variety of lower calorie options for breakfast, lunch and dinner. We are proud of the fact that almost all of our entrees are less than 500 calories and we were the first nationally to introduce a kid’s meal with a grilled entrée.

We’re all about chicken, so you can be sure that we’re extremely selective about the chicken we serve. All of our chicken is 100% pure breast meat with no hormones, steroids, fillers or additives. In fact, regulations of the Food & Drug Association prohibit the use of hormones in poultry in the U.S.

All of our chicken is 100% pure breast meat with no fillers, additives or hormones. Our premium breast meat comes from chickens living on farms, where antibiotics are never given to promote growth. And because we’re all about chicken, we will continue having discussions with our farmers and suppliers to explore ways we can further reduce antibiotic usage.

No our chicken is not free-range. The chickens used by Chick-fil-A are raised by family farmers in large enclosed barns designed to protect them from the weather, disease and predators. At Chick-fil-A, we partner with suppliers that share the same goal of continuous improvement and who treat animals with dignity and respect.

Our founder, Truett Cathy, made the decision to close on Sundays in 1946 when he opened his first restaurant in Hapeville, Georgia. He has often shared that his decision was as much practical as spiritual. He believes that all franchised Chick-fil-A® Operators and Restaurant employees should have an opportunity to rest, spend time with family and friends, and worship if they choose to do so. That's why all Chick-fil-A Restaurants are closed on Sundays. It's part of our recipe for success.

To glorify God by being a faithful steward of all that is entrusted to us. To have a positive influence on all who come in contact with Chick-fil-A.

Chick-fil-A is a privately held corporation; therefore, public stock offerings are not available.

Chick-fil-A does not have a mystery shopper program on a national basis.

Chick-fil-A is always grateful when customers contact us to offer feedback about their experiences at our Restaurants and our existing products and services. To provide us with your feedback or opinions, please visit our Contact Us page.

Since Truett Cathy established our first scholarship program in 1973 to encourage Chick-fil-A restaurant employees to further their education, Chick-fil-A has earmarked a portion of its proceeds to give back to its team members in the form of college scholarships. 2012 was no different, with $1.39 million in total scholarships awarded. Over the past 40 years, Chick-fil-A has provided more than $30 million in Leadership Scholarships to more than 30,000 restaurant team members who have attended more than 3,100 colleges, universities, and other educational institutions.

Truett Cathy is founder and chairman emeritus of Chick-fil-A, Inc. Known for having a keen business sense, a work ethic forged during the Depression, and a personal and business philosophy based on biblical principles, Truett opened a tiny Atlanta diner in 1946, originally called the Dwarf Grill (later renamed The Dwarf House). He then introduced the chicken sandwich concept to the quick-service industry when he opened the first Chick-fil-A restaurant in Atlanta’s Greenbriar Shopping Center in 1967. Today, Chick-fil-A has more than 1,700 locations in 38 states and Washington, D.C.

Every year, we receive hundreds of suggestions from customers regarding where they would like to have a new Chick-fil-A® Restaurant located. We appreciate this feedback very much. Chick-fil-A opens a limited number of Restaurants each year. The Chick-fil-A, Inc. Real Estate Department selects these locations based on corporate goals for expansion in specifically targeted markets and other relevant business factors.

The standard operating hours for Chick-fil-A® Free-Standing and Drive-Thru Only Restaurants are Monday through Saturday, 6:30 a.m. to 10:00 p.m. However, since each Chick-fil-A Restaurant is independently operated, Chick-fil-A Operators have the discretion to modify hours of operation, except that we are always closed on Sunday, Thanksgiving Day and Christmas Day.

Donation decisions are made by local Restaurant Operators. Therefore, we recommend contacting the Chick-fil-A® Restaurant Operator nearest you (or your event). Use the Restaurant Locator to find a Restaurant.

In the past three years, we have given more than $68 million in contributions to over 700 different educational and charitable organizations and we have provided millions of dollars in food donations. Corporately, we are focused on youth and education, leadership and family enrichment, and local communities. For more information, visit the Giving Back section of our website.

Chick-fil-A corporate sponsorships reflect one of our most core values: Making a positive impact on our communities and the people in them. For further information on Chick-fil-A's corporate sponsorships and events go to Sponsorships and Events.

Chick-fil-A Restaurants are independently owned and operated therefore participation in local sponsorships or fundraisers is at the discretion of each Chick-fil-A Operator. Chick-fil-A Operators can be contacted to discuss the possibility of his or her participation in local events. Use the Restaurant Locator to find a Restaurant.

We appreciate your interest in working at a Chick-fil-A®. Our franchised Operators at Chick-fil-A Restaurant locations are independent Operators of their own businesses. As such, Chick-fil-A Operators hire and train their own employees and handle all matters regarding employment. Please contact the Operator of the location where you would like to work for additional employment information.

The Operators at our restaurant locations are in business for themselves, hiring and training their own employees. The Operators abide by the Federal and State Labor Laws regarding their employees. Please contact the Operator of the Chick-fil-A restaurant location where you would like to work for additional employment information.

Since Truett Cathy established our first scholarship program in 1973 to encourage Chick-fil-A Restaurant employees to further their education. Chick-fil-A has earmarked a portion of its proceeds to give back to its team members in the form of college scholarships. Since that time, Chick-fil-A has provided more than $35 million in Leadership Scholarships to more than 35,000 team members, who have attended more than 500 colleges and universities across the country.

You can learn more about our franchisee selection process under Franchising page. We seek Operators who are looking for a full time, “hands-on” business opportunity; have a proven track record in business leadership; have successfully managed their personal finances; are results-oriented self-starters interested in growing a business; strive to be community leaders; and are prepared to have no other active business ventures.

Chick-fil-A offers qualified individuals the opportunity to operate a single franchised Chick-fil-A restaurant business. The restaurant could be located in a mall environment, or in one of our free-standing, drive-thru only or in-line locations. We do not offer multi-unit franchise opportunities to initial applicants. From time to time, however, high performing franchised Operators may be offered an additional business opportunity.

In 1995, a renegade cow, paintbrush in mouth, painted the three words “EAT MOR CHIKIN” on a billboard. From that day forward, the burger-eating landscape would forever be changed. These fearless cows, acting in enlightened self-interest, realized that when people eat chicken, they don’t eat them. Today, the cows’ herds have increased and their message reaches millions – on television, radio, the internet, and occasional water towers. Needless to say, Chick-fil-A fully endorses and appreciates the monumental efforts made by our most beloved bovine friends.

We decided to use Holstein cows in Chick-fil-A ads for two reasons: 1) The Holstein cow is the most recognizable cow. In advertising, quick and simple are always best. 2) The Holstein cows are often used to represent bovines of all types (beef cows, etc.).

The Chick-fil-A Restaurant chain honors cows in a special way. Tuesday, July 14, 2015, has been established as Cow Appreciation Day to recognize the chain's famous advertising campaign featuring cows encouraging everyone to “Eat Mor Chikin”.

Yes, you can now transfer your physical Chick-fil-A gift card funds to the Chick-fil-A app for use on your mobile device. Please note: If your gift card does not have a PIN, just bring your gift card and phone to a Chick-fil-A restaurant, and a team member will be able to assist you.

We recommend contacting the Chick-fil-A Restaurant of your convenience to confirm whether the Chick-fil-A Card is available and accepted. Please note that Chick-fil-A Card transactions will not be available at Chick-fil-A Express or Chick-fil-A Licensed locations (such as airports, colleges, universities, hospitals, etc.).

In 1995, a renegade cow, paintbrush in mouth, painted the three words "EAT MOR CHIKIN" on a billboard. From that day forward, the burger-eating landscape would forever be changed. These fearless cows, acting in enlightened self-interest, realized that when people eat chicken, they don't eat them. Today, the cows' herds have increased and their message reaches millions - on television, radio, the internet, and the occasional water tower. Needless to say, Chick-fil-A fully endorses and appreciates the monumental efforts made by our most beloved bovine friends.

It all started in 1946, when Truett Cathy opened his first restaurant, Dwarf Grill, in Hapeville, Georgia. Credited with inventing Chick-fil-A's boneless breast of chicken sandwich, Mr. Cathy founded Chick-fil-A, Inc. in the early 1960s and pioneered the establishment of restaurants in shopping malls with the opening of the first Chick-fil-A Restaurant at a mall in suburban Atlanta in 1967. Since then, Chick-fil-A has steadily grown to become the largest quick-service chicken restaurant chain in the United States, based on domestic annual sales with over 2,000 locations in 43 states and Washington, D.C. In 2015, annual sales exceeded $6 billion. Chick-fil-A is still privately held and family owned. With 48 consecutive years of positive sales growth, Chick-fil-A has set itself apart by pioneering innovations and delicious products—including the ever-popular Chick-fil-A® Chicken Sandwich.

This begins in the restaurant – one customer at a time. We firmly believe in treating every person who comes through our doors with honor, dignity, and respect. We teach it to everyone who comes to work at Chick-fil-A, and it’s something that they take with them throughout their careers – whether they choose to stay with Chick-fil-A or go on to other promising careers. But to us, service goes beyond our restaurant doors. We serve our communities through volunteerism and giving. We also make a commitment to take care of the people who take care of our communities. For example, by giving sandwiches to first responders in times of crisis, we honor the commitment they make to serve all of us. And our philanthropic giving reinforces that commitment to service by helping children and families in need. This is what makes us who we are. read more

Chick-fil-A is the easy choice for irresistible food, and a remarkable experience across a variety of occasions: birthdays, soirees, graduation parties, tailgates, meetings. Many of our Restaurants offer both pick-up and delivery services. We ensure that your order is correct, ready to be picked up or delivered at the right temperature, at the right time- in other words, the hot food is hot, and the cold food is cold. Set-up and presentation are provided at no additional cost. We offer a selection of fresh, delicious food with the variety you need for your occasion and guests.  Our menu includes packaged meals, trays, and a la carte items.


