Well fuck. I can't believe Bill Belichick traded Jamie Collins for a third round pick. What was he thinking? It doesn't make any sense. Even if the Patriots were going to let him walk in free agency, they would have gotten a compensatory third round pick the next year. From what it looks like online, he was a good teammate and wasn't a problem that way, so I really don't see how they could justify it. If the Patriots don't win the Super Bowl this year, it's all on Bill. I just can't see why he'd do that.



Fuck, I really need to go to the store to get some more Mountain Dew. I really enjoy the refreshing taste of Mountain Dew, but I've run out and now I have to start my morning with a boring drink like coffee or Monster. Monster tastes terrible and I think it's destroying my teeth. I'm not sure why Mountain Dew ought to be better, but it just feels better, you know? Anyway, I need to get to the store at some point before I forget.



Fuck, when is the election anyway? Is it too late to register to vote? I'm not too sure about Hilary but Trump is so terrible it's not really a decision. It's interesting that Comey decided to make the statment about those emails; I wonder if he'll get convicted of a Hatch Act violation. What even is the Hatch Act, anyway?



Alright, what to I have to do? I have class today in an hour, piece of cake. Then I should start work on my problem set for algorithms class. Alright, that's not to bad. I think as long as I stay on top of the work this week should be doable. 



How much sleep am I going to get to night? I guess if I go to bed at 4, I can still wake up at 11 and get 7 hours of sleep. 7 hours is enough hours of sleep, right? I think so. Fuck it, I guess that's what's happening.



When was the last time I exercised? Wow, I should probably go to the gym at some point. Yeah, really. It definitely makes me less anxious and it will only make me feel better. It's just so hard to find time, isn't it?



How many more of these problem sets do I have left? Fuck, I still have 5 more before the semester is over? That seems like so many. Oh well, I'll get through it somehow. These things have a way of happening.


