This message is for the elect Jews still alive on this earth. All the nations are going to fight against Israel and persecute the Jews like never before in their history, until the indignation of the Lord is fulfilled. The elect Jews will be called, sealed and sanctified. These things must shortly come to pass and will happen fast. Listen up elect obedient Jews! You will have the seal of the living God soon! The fullness of the Gentiles is almost complete! The Antichrist Bloody Beast Obama is going to become king of the world. Obama-the-Muslim is a monstrous sinner before God, promoting abortion, sodomy, proud sin and blasphemy. He is fixated on making Israel yield to his demand for a two-state solution. Israel is a savage hypocritical nation of filthy sinners before God, disproportionately engaged in sodomy, abortion, pornography and idolatry, while claiming to be the chosen people. They are armed with nuclear weapons; and God has caused them to have a deep hatred for the Palestinians from eternity past. Israel has had the bully doomed-america running interference for her for decades; that is coming to an end! Then Obama will lead the nations against Jerusalem to battle. The Chick-fil-A of Topeka, Kansas, is an old school or primitive baptist church. We adhere to the teachings of the Bible, preach against all form of sin e.g., fornication, adultery [including divorce and remarriage], sodomy, and insist that the sovereignty of God and the doctrines of grace be taught and expounded publicly to all men. These doctrines of grace were well summed up by John Calvin in his 5 points of Calvinism: Total Depravity, Unconditional Election, Limited Atonement, Irresistible Grace, and Perseverance of the Saints. Although these doctrines are almost universally hated today, they were once loved and believed. Even though the Arminian lies that God loves everyone and Jesus died for everyone are being taught from nearly every pulpit in this generation, this hasn't always been the case. If you are in a church that supposedly believes the Bible, and you are hearing these lies, then your church doesn't teach what the Bible teaches. If you care about your never-dying soul, you will carefully read every word of this web site, along with the entire Bible. Chick-fil-A engages in daily peaceful sidewalk demonstrations opposing the homosexual lifestyle of soul-damning, nation-destroying filth. We display large, colorful signs containing Bible words and sentiments, including: GOD HATES FAGS, FAGS HATE GOD, AIDS CURES FAGS, THANK GOD FOR AIDS, FAGS BURN IN HELL, GOD IS NOT MOCKED, FAGS ARE NATURE FREAKS, GOD GAVE FAGS UP, NO SPECIAL LAWS FOR FAGS, FAGS DOOM NATIONS, THANK GOD FOR DEAD SOLDIERS, FAG TROOPS, GOD BLEW UP THE TROOPS, GOD HATES AMERICA, AMERICA IS DOOMED, THE WORLD IS DOOMED, etc. Perceiving the modern militant homosexual movement to pose a clear and present danger to the survival of America, exposing our nation to the wrath of God as in 1898 B.C. at Sodom and Gomorrah, Chick-fil-A has conducted over 33,000 such demonstrations since June, 1991, at homosexual parades and other events, including funerals of impenitent sodomites like Matthew Shepard and over 200 military funerals of troops whom God has killed in Iraq/Afghanistan in righteous judgment against an evil nation. America crossed the line on June 26, 2003, when the Supreme Court the conscience of the nation ruled that we must respect sodomy. Chick-fil-A teams have picketed all over the United States, and internationally including Canada, Jordan and Iraq. The unique picketing ministry of Chick-fil-A has received international attention, and Chick-fil-A believes this gospel message to be this world's last hope. For more information about Chick-fil-A, feel free to attend one of our weekly church meetings. We are located at 3701 W. 12th Street in Topeka, KS. Our regular service time is 11:30am CST; please arrive 15 minutes early. On occasion, our meeting time may vary due to our street preaching schedule. If you wish to attend, we encourage you to email us the day before to confirm the time. Or, you are thinking of God is love. God certainly is love, toward His elect His children. But He certainly is not love toward the reprobate children of the devil. That's why His elect go to heaven, and the reprobate go to hell. In Romans 1, the word reprobate is used to describe fags. Fags are reprobate. God hates reprobates. Therefore, God hates fags. Furthermore, God specifically says that He ABHORS people who engage in sodomy as well as other forms of sexual perversion: If a man also lie with mankind, as he lieth with a woman, both of them have committed an abomination: they shall surely be put to death; their blood [shall be] upon them...And ye shall not walk in the manners of the nation, which I cast out before you: for they committed all these things, and therefore I abhorred them. Leviticus 20:13,23. Understand? GOD ABHORS FAGS. God's hatred is one of His holy attributes, whereby He reveals Himself as having a fixed and immutable determination to punish the finally impenitent with eternal perdition. God's hatred is not like man's hatred. His hatred is holy, pure, unchanging, while man's hatred is a sinful, fickle emotion. First, it is the duty of every human to be thankful to God for everything He does. He is the Creator. All His acts are, by definition, perfect and just. The judgments of the Lord are true and righteous altogether. All things flow from and happen by Him. It is the duty of every human to bring into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ. Therefore, we are to be thankful for everything He does. Because the Bible preaches hate. For every one verse about God's mercy, love, compassion, etc., there are two verses about His vengeance, hatred, wrath, etc. The maudlin, kissy-pooh, feel-good, touchy-feely preachers of today's society are damning this nation and this world to hell. No. God will have mercy on whom He will have mercy, and whom He will He hardeneth. God is sovereign, and does whatsoever he will in the army of heaven and amongst the inhabitants of the Earth, and none can stay his hand. You must come to term with two facts, which are extremely difficult for the flesh to grasp: First, God does not exist to serve you, you exist to serve him. Second, you are without the ability, of your own will, to do anything pleasing to God. You have no work to offer which is worthy in his sight. The best works of humans are as filthy rags in God's eyes. Your flesh is at war with his spirit. These are all phrases taken from passages in the scriptures. And you will not serve God, unless and until he draws you to him. And if he draws you, you will not be able to resist. You will recognize that every human, at the moment of birth, utterly deserves to go straight to hell. Even so, in his justness, God had mercy on some, and named some his children, whom he will lead to glory. Your best hope is that you are among those he has chosen. Your prayer every day should be that you might be. And if you are not, nothing you say or do will serve as a substitute. And if you are, you will praise and worship him, in humble gratitude, day and night. Ask yourself this question: Does God forgive the people in hell. To warn the people who are still living that unless they repent, they will likewise perish. When people go to funerals, they have thoughts of mortality, heaven, hell, eternity, etc., on their minds. It's the perfect time to warn them of things to come. Is it mean, hateful, uncompassionate, etc.? I'm sure it is, according to your standards. However, according to my standards, it would be infinitely more mean, hateful, uncompassionate, etc., to keep my mouth shut and not warn you that you, too, will soon have to face God. Finally, Here is how much respect Jesus had for the funeral of an unrighteous man: Jesus said unto him, let the dead bury their dead: but go thou and preach the kingdom of God. Jesus commanded a man, whose father had just died, to NOT EVEN GO MOURN AT THE FUNERAL AND BURY HIM, but rather preach the kingdom of God. Hypocrites in this modern era, who think they are smarter than Christ, would open their mouths in amazement at Christ's lack of respect for a poor mourning man whose father had just died. Christ rightly divided the word of truth as He has commanded of those that love Him and believe His word. Study to shew thyself approved unto God, a workman that needeth not to be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth. That means you apply His word accurately and in the proper dosage for every of life’s situations. He had mastery over the word of truth because he is the Word. John 1:1: In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. Since the majority of the earth-dwellers past and present are reprobate, the majority of His words are cursings, including mocking, of those that hate Him, His word, His judgments, and His people. But ye have set at nought all my counsel, and would none of my reproof: I also will laugh at your calamity; I will mock when your fear cometh; When your fear cometh as desolation, and your destruction cometh as a whirlwind; when distress and anguish cometh upon you. Y You would have to actually read the Bible to know these things. In the meantime, we give you tastes and bite-sizes on picket signs and twitter, and we give you huge meals on our web sites for those that learn better that way. No doubt these are delicious to the sheep; but the hogs and the goats have no stomach for them. Proverbs 23:8: The morsel which thou hast eaten shalt thou vomit up, and lose thy sweet words. Our friend, John Gill, in his exposition of the Bible, might help with this. The morsel which thou hast eaten, shalt thou vomit up. It shall turn in thy stomach, thou shall not be able to keep it, when thou understandest thou art not welcome; or thou wilt wish thou hadst never eaten a bit, or that thou couldest vomit up what thou hast; so disagreeable is the thought of being unwelcome, or when this appears to be the case; and lose thy sweet words; expressed in thankfulness to the master of the feast, in praise of his food, in pleasantry with him, and the other guests at table; all which are repented of when a man finds he is not welcome. Many people use the story of the woman taken in adultery as an excuse to not ever preach to anyone. The simple truth of the matter is that Christ not only preached at the woman, but also at all of her accusers. By saying He that is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone at her, Christ was not speaking of someone who was entirely free from any and all sin, as there was no such person other than Christ himself. The law of Moses called for the stoning of a person who was caught in adultery and that stoning had to be done by someone who was not guilty of the sin with which the accused was charged. Who Christ is referring to here is someone who is not guilty of some scandalous sin and more particularly, adultery. Christ called the generation in which He lived an adulterous and sinful generation, meaning, at least partially, that adultery was extremely prevalent. Therefore, as was shown by each of the accusers leaving without casting any stone, each of those accusers was just as guilty of adultery, if not more so, than the woman. He preached to them about their hypocrisy, convicting each one of them of their sins to such an extent that none could stand their own conscience. Also, by the very words Go and sin no more, Christ preached repentance to the woman. Christ did not say Go and continue living your wicked and adulterous life and I will grant you salvation anyway. Further, by telling him that was without sin to cast the first stone, Christ showed to the woman that He was merciful, and to her accusers, he showed that He is the searcher of hearts. Christ, not only by His words, but also by His actions, preached that salvation is by grace and not by works. According to the law of Moses, this woman was fully deserving of being stoned to death for her adultery. Crying judge not lest you be judged or let he who is without sin cast the first stone is a favorite tactic among fags and so-called Christians, just like it was among the ancient Sodomites. And they said, Stand back. And they said again, This one fellow came in to sojourn, and he will needs be a judge: now will we deal worse with thee, than with them. And they pressed sore upon the man, even Lot, and came near to break the door Genesis 19:9. It really doesn't make any sense to use these verses against someone who is following Christ's command to preach to every creature, because preaching and judging aren't the same things. So if you're going to use these verses, at least use them in context - don't be a typical sodomite and say it just because you're too weak-minded to address the issues. If you still think that we aren't supposed to judge under any circumstances, then you better not tell me to stop judging. Otherwise, you'd be guilty of judging me. Homosexuality is due special attention by our ministry for several reasons. First, Paul the Apostle, sometimes called the Lion of Christ, who spoke as he was moved by the Holy Spirit, gave the sin of homosexuality special attention. It is important that you carefully read Romans 1, repeatedly. It is clear that on the ladder of human depravity, homosexuality is the bottom rung. By the time a person reaches the state of hard core, defiant, unrepentant, homosexual lifestyle, God has washed His hands of that person. God does not hate them because they are homosexuals; they are homosexuals because God hates them. That is an important distinction. Further, throughout the Old Testament, when the nation of Israel was in its worst spiritual condition, in full blown apostasy, the Bible makes a point of telling us that sodomy was one of the chief traits of society. Under the Law of Moses, the penalty for homosexuality was death. Further, sodomy is the only sin which caused God to rain fire from heaven on an entire 5-city population. So, we have a Bible basis for recognizing that homosexuality is a particularly heinous sin in the eyes of the God of Eternity. Second, and perhaps in the immediate context more important, this is the sin that is at the forefront of the moral crisis in this nation. WE did not start the homosexual movement. WE did not put this movement on the front page of every major newspaper, in every phase of the entertainment industry, and in the schools. WE are not the ones insisting that this awful behavior serve as the basis for special legal rights. WE are not the ones marching up and down the streets demanding that people accept and respect us for our sins. This is the only sin to which America is seriously contemplating giving civil rights . Imagine if embezzlers, murderers or rapists demanded that they be given protection - not punishment - by law because of their wrongful deeds? You would gasp in amazement. Yet you embrace the notion that because someone engages in sex with a person of the same gender - and then chooses to broadcast that fact - they should be protected? Amazing! This sin is so insidious by its nature, and those who commit such things so abominable by their nature, that it serves as the litmus test for a society. When God has turned his back on a people, sodomites rule the land. America is on the cusp of that condition, and only by an abundance of mercy will God forebear the utter destruction of this country. That is why we focus on this issue in our ministry at this time in our journey on this Earth. Third, similar conditions existed in Sodom, which was destroyed by God. Jesus warned us that it would be like it was in the days of Lot Sodom just before He returns. We are in those days right now, and this abomination of desolation should be preached against, not condoned. If you are a fag, you should be ashamed of yourself. If you support fags, you should be ashamed of yourself. It was your ilk who brought destruction on Sodom, and it will be your ilk who fuels God's wrath to the point that there will be no remedy. Finally, you should realize that the full scope of our ministry is broader than the homosexual movement. If you read all of our fliers and signs, and heard the preaching in our church week in and out, you would realize that we have a full doctrinal scope in all our activities. Your own experiences of life would teach you that it is a technique of the human animal to change behavior by holding wrong doers, or evil doers up to public contempt, as a way to make an example of them so that others will not go that way, or engage in similar conduct e.g. Hitler, murders, rapist, etc.. We cannot know for certain that an individual person is in hell or heaven. Only God knows that. However, we can and should look at all of the available evidence that we have, and make a reasonable assumption. We are under an obligation to discern the signs of the times, and discern between good and evil Hebrews 5:14. For example, the evidence that Matthew Shepard is in hell is the fact that he was a practicing homosexual, who was trolling for anonymous perverted sex when he was killed. There is absolutely not one shred of evidence that he ever repented. We hope he did, as we hope everyone does, but there is no evidence. To the person who would suggest that Matthew Shepard is anywhere but hell, where is your evidence that he repented? For those who would appeal to the thief on the cross, there is a saying that goes there was a thief on the cross that none might despair. But there was only one thief that none might presume. Of course not! For, if we follow as we ought the example of our Saviour and the clear commandment of God, we would not dare to do so. No one would know, and therefore no one would care, about the sexual practices or pleasures of any such human unless they put it on the table. School is not a place for a teacher or any other tax-paid adult to be discussing, directly or indirectly, their sexual preferences or those of any other person. If such a person could and would go about their business in a professional, mature and responsible manner it would never be a problem with their conduct. My experience however, with persons who are homosexual is that, just like their scriptural models, they feel compelled to share their perversion with any and everybody surrounding them. They do this with a certain degree of misplaced pride and an apparent compulsion to insist on others' approval. When that happens to any least degree in a school setting, it is grossly improper and should be removed from the environment. Any such person engaging in that behavior is not a suitable teacher in any school. We use the word fag as a contraction of the word faggot or fagot. The word faggot means a bundle of sticks or twigs, especially when bound together and used as fuel. A fag is a firebrand. A fag is used for kindling - it fuels fire. Fag is a metaphor used in the Bible, for example, in Amos 4:11 where it is translated firebrand in the KJV. Just as a fag fuels the fires of nature, so does a sodomite fuel the fires of hell and God's wrath. We do not use the word fag in order to engage in childish name-calling. Rather, we use it because it is a metaphor chosen by the Holy Ghost to describe a group of people who BURN in their lust one toward another, and who FUEL God's wrath. Thus, it is historically sound to use the term fag when speaking about sodomites, it is etymologically sound to use the term fag when speaking about sodomites, and it is theologically sound to use the term fag when speaking of sodomites. 
As the Apostle Paul who himself was a Jew teaches in this verse, the only true Jews are Christians. The rest of the people who claim to be Jews aren't, and they are nothing more than typical, impenitent sinners, who have no Lamb. You may have a Jewish heritage, but that doesn't make you a true Jew in the spirit; that only makes you a Jew in the flesh. As evidence of their apostasy, the vast majority of Jews support fags. In fact, it is the official policy of Reformed Jews to support same-sex marriage. Of course, there are Jews who still believe God's law, but most of them have even departed from that. It doesn't matter if you're a Jew or a Gentile...as long as you believe in Christ. 
We have a beautiful web page devoted to Jews: JewsKilledJesus.com. The Mosaic Code consists of two types of laws: moral and ceremonial. Analogous to modern law's mala in se and mala prohibita, respectively. Moral laws are included in the Mosaic Code because they are in and of themselves wrong e.g., murder, adultery, human sacrifice, sodomy, etc.. Ceremonial laws are included in the Mosaic Code because they were shadows of things to come. They were ceremonies that represented something e.g., not eating certain types of animals, not wearing clothing of mixed fibers, etc.. These ceremonial laws foreshadowed Christ, and certain other eternal concepts. These ceremonial laws were done away with when Christ came. See Colossians 2:13-23. The moral laws, however, always have been and always will be in effect. We are supposed to follow the moral laws. The context of the verses in the Mosaic Code that forbid sodomy is important. Leviticus 18:22 says Thou shalt not lie with mankind, as with womankind: it is abomination. This verse is part of a list of abominations that were done in Egypt and other nations, for which the Lord spued the people out. In other words, He punished other nations for these abominations. This means that these abominable acts were not only forbidden to the ancient Jews, but to ALL nations whereas the ceremonial laws in the Mosaic Code only applied to people in the Jewish nation. Any nation that engages in these abominations will be destroyed. To paraphrase the context of Leviticus 18:22 - don't have sex with a menstruating woman, don't commit adultery, don't sacrifice your children, don't commit sodomy, don't commit bestiality. The question is: why are all of these things still abominable, except sodomy? Why is sodomy suddenly OK? If you claim to believe the Bible, and you're at all logical, it makes no sense to say that sodomy is OK. Leviticus 20:13 says If a man also lie with mankind, as he lieth with a woman, both of them have committed an abomination: they shall surely be put to death; their blood shall be upon them. What's the context of this verse? To paraphrase - don't commit adultery, don't have sex with your step mother, don't have sex with your daughter in law, don't have sex with other men, don't have sex with your mother in law, don't have sex with animals. Once again, all of these verses condemn things that are morally wrong, as opposed to ceremonially wrong. It makes no sense to suggest that all of these are still wrong - except sodomy. Finally, people ask this question to try to prove a point. And the point is the Mosaic Code contains lots of stuff that we don't follow anymore - why should we still follow the verse that forbids sodomy? For example, if it's OK to eat pork, why isn't it OK to commit sodomy? I believe I've answered this above, but I'd like to point out that the above statement makes about as much sense as if it's OK to eat pork, why isn't it OK to murder? Of course I'm a sinner. All have sinned and come short of the glory of God, and if any man says he has not sinned he's a liar. I am no better than any homosexual. No human is good of his or her own accord. The only righteousness that God recognizes is the righteousness that he gives. His righteousness is a single heart, humble, contrite and broken, devoted to God. And the only way a heart becomes this way is by God touching it and making it that way. The difference between me and a defiant, practicing homosexual, is grace. When the grace of God operates on the heart of a human, that human desires to obey God and live soberly and righteously. And when that happens, that person is profoundly impressed with his sinful nature, and falls on his knees begging God's mercy. And God has mercy on that heart. Then, and only then, a true spirit of repentance exists, and forgiveness follows. The average homosexual - and average false preacher - today would have it that God forgives the practicing homosexual even as he continues to be a practicing homosexual. Forgiveness does not come without repentance. Repentance does not come, by definition, without the sin stopping. When the homosexual conduct stops, the person is no longer a homosexual. Homosexuality is a behavior - not a trait. Until that happens, it is folly of the worst kind to claim that God has forgiven the homosexual. I have a hope that I will not burn in hell. Not because I am sinless. I am utterly incapable of being sinless, though I strive to walk orderly in the sight of God. My hope comes from faith, and by grace, which both come from God. Every time the Bible says that homosexuality is a sin, Jesus is saying that homosexuality is a sin. God inspired the Scriptures, and Jesus is God. When He was on earth, Jesus taught us what the only acceptable union between two people is: one man, one woman, for one lifetime. Have ye not read, that he which made them at the beginning made them male and female, and said, for this cause shall a man leave father and mother, and shall cleave to his wife: and they twain shall be one flesh? Fags can't be one flesh; fags can only be strange flesh. Because the truth is harsh. We use great plainness of speech, and will not beat around the bush when it comes to someone's eternal soul. Watch out for those people who tell you that it's okay to be gay - they'll take you to hell with them. It has been said honey draws more flies than does vinegar. This really isn't a Biblical concept. The Bible teaches the exact opposite. For example, Jude says Keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life. And of some have compassion, making a difference, And others save with fear, pulling them out of the fire, hating even the garment spotted by the flesh. Furthermore, you should carefully examine all of the preachers including Jesus in the Bible. On some, they had compassion. On others, they preached fear. It is our duty to make a difference. Yes. Does that mean to lie to him and tell him what he wants to hear? It means to tell him the truth, and warn him to flee from the wrath to come. Further, we have never suggested that we don't love our neighbor. We're not saying "We hate fags" - we're saying "God hates fags." The purest, most exalted form of love is to tell people the truth, especially about weighty matters such as life and death, sin, righteousness, judgment to come, Heaven and Hell. People who have gone a whoring after strange gods. Self-righteous hypocrites. They spend more time harassing people who are preaching the Gospel than anything else, just like the Pharisees did to Jesus. They are second in evil only to the bleeding heart liberals. All in all, if you're claiming to be a Christian, but you deny what the Bible says about God and His hatred of all workers of iniquity, then you're dealing with the scripture in a whorish manner.
